Change install instruction for ydb-dstool (#11834)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-dstool/install.md

# Installing the {{ ydb-short-name }} DSTool

<!-- markdownlint-disable blanks-around-fences -->

{% list tabs %}

- Linux

    To install the {{ ydb-short-name }} DSTool, follow these steps:

    1. Run the command:

        ```bash
        curl -sSL 'https://storage.yandexcloud.net/yandexcloud-ydb-dstool/install.sh' | bash
        ```

>         The script will install the {{ ydb-short-name }} DSTool and add the executable file path to the `PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: Technically, it adds to `PATH` the path to the folder containing the executable, not the executable's path.

        {% include [test step](./_includes/test.md) %}

- macOS

    To install the {{ ydb-short-name }} DSTool, follow these steps:

    1. Run the command:

        ```bash
        curl -sSL 'https://storage.yandexcloud.net/yandexcloud-ydb-dstool/install.sh' | bash
        ```

        The script will install the {{ ydb-short-name }} DSTool and add the executable file path to the `PATH` environment variable.

    1. To update the environment variables, restart the command shell.

    1. Test it by running the command that shows cluster information:

        {% include [test step](./_includes/test.md) %}

- Windows

    To install the {{ ydb-short-name }} DSTool, follow these steps:

    1. Run the command:

        - in **PowerShell**:

            ```powershell
            iex (New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://storage.yandexcloud.net/yandexcloud-ydb-dstool/install.ps1')
            ```

        - in **CMD**:

            ```cmd
            @"%SystemRoot%\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe" -Command "iex ((New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://storage.yandexcloud.net/yandexcloud-ydb-dstool/install.ps1'))"
            ```

>     1. Specify whether to add the executable file path to the `PATH` environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Specify whether to add `ydb-dstool` to the `PATH` environment variable:
```
